His Royal Highness
Qin Wen only speaks bluntly
And that's what I mean by honesty.
His Royal Highness
Since ancient times
Those who can enter the dynasty and die are my royal children
At that time, the children of the poor family
Is this wrong?
That's right, His Royal Highness
If you manage Daxia
You have to follow the wishes of these ministers.
That is to say
If I don't listen to you
You broke the rules between your teeth
Line 1
Tampering with Lao Tzu's imperial examinations
Uh, His Royal Highness
If you have to say so
The minister has nothing to say
His Royal Highness the Crown Prince
Don't have the courage to read Kong Song's art from your own book
Sanity Wrap
I didn't expect it.
It turned out to be such a country
God damn me prawns
This Korean man is openly talking nonsense in the hall
The military commission and the military medal took him down
That's nice.
Your Highness, what are you trying to do?
Dad wants to save me too
His Royal Highness the Crown Prince actually danced swords and sticks in the main hall
Something to mention?
shut up
I told you before.
If he can't answer
Then you must disrupt the examination room system according to thinking and martial arts
Already beheaded
Then you can hand it over to Dali Temple.
Why bother doing it yourself?
Hand it over to Dali Temple
Presumably less than a day
Qin Wei will put it back
The imperial examinations were fair and ungrateful
Who dares to pollute the path to advancement?
Willow wants him dead
Qi Wei must die today